v7.23.6 (#16109)
mui/mui-x: CHANGELOG.md

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.
See [Conventional Commits](https://conventionalcommits.org) for commit guidelines.

## 7.23.6

_Jan 9, 2025_

We'd like to offer a big thanks to the 11 contributors who made this release possible. Here are some highlights ✨:

> - 🌍 Add Chinese (Taiwan) (zh-TW) locale on the Date and Time Picker components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🌍 Add Chinese (Taiwan) (zh-TW) locale on the Date and Time Pickers
```

> - 🌍 Improve Norwegian (nb-NO) locale on the Date and Time Picker components

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 🌍 Improve Norwegian (nb-NO) locale on the Date and Time Pickers
```
